WIP: Gapminder Specific Analysis (#1)
drammock/git-novice: _episodes/03-create.md

~~~
{: .language-bash}

~~~
data  functions  gapminder-analysis.rmd  results
~~~
{: .output}

But if we add the `-a` flag to show everything,

> we can see that Git has created a hidden directory within `planets` called `.git`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 we can see that Git has created a hidden directory within `gapminder-analysis` called `.git`:
```
